Fix/aria label conflicts (#563)
dynatrace-oss/barista: documentation/linting.md

| `dt-icon-button-alt-text`               | A `dt-icon-button` must always have an alternative text in form of an `aria-label` or an `aria-labelledby` attribute.                                                                                                                               |
| `dt-icon-button-needs-icon`             | The content of an icon button (`dt-icon-button`) must always be an icon component (`<dt-icon>`).                                                                                                                                                    |
| `dt-info-group-requires-icon`           | The `dt-info-group-icon` is a required child element of the `dt-info-group` and must be a direct child.                                                                                                                                             |
| `dt-info-group-requires-title`          | The `dt-info-group-title` is a required child element of the `dt-info-group` and must be a direct child.                                                                                                                                            |

> | `dt-inline-editor-alt-text`             | An inline editor must provide alternative texts for the save and the cancel button using the following inputs: `ariaLabelCancel` and `aria-label-cancel`.                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dt-inline-editor-alt-text`             | An inline editor must provide alternative texts for the save and the cancel button using the following inputs: `ariaLabelSave` and `ariaLabelCancel`.                                                                                           |
```
